{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue233;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c93333;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Board Champion:
\b0  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:garyrossio@gmail.com"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 Gary Rossio\ulnone \uc0\u8232 }}
\b Co-Champion: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:msloan@acvow.org"}}{\fldrslt 
\b0 \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 Mike Sloan}}
\b0 \

\b Goal #1 Leader:
\b0  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:lsarkanyvetbizcommunity.org"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 Lynn Sarkany}}\uc0\u8232 
\b Goal #2 Leaders:
\b0  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:mchannick@pave4vets.org"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 Michael Channick}}\uc0\u8232 
\b Goal #3 Leaders:
\b0  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:oea.sandiego@gmail.com"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 Howard and Jean Somers}}\

\b QPR Training, Friday, February 24th, 2017 from 1030-1200 @ CHIP - 5095 Murphy Canyon Rd., Ste. 105, San diego, CA 92123.
\b0  \'a0Please RSVP to {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:lcayanan@sdchip.org"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 lcayanan@sdchip.org}}.\
The PEH will serve as the conduit of information & catalyst for activity in all SDVC endeavors related to physical and emotional wellness of our Veteran population in the San Diego county area. Our efforts will identify resources to maximize delivery of timely, effective, and value added services directly to the Veteran and their support network. Our goal is to promote good health and well-being. \'a0
\b Next PEH CALL February 17th, 2017 - 1000-1100 - Conference Call Line 800-767-1750 Code 74330.
\b0 \

\b Long Term Goal #1 
\b0 : Promote good health and well being of our Veterans and who they serve by partnering with SDVC Communications team to develop a strategic communications plan promoting existing San Diego campaigns and their message of good health and well being. \'a0Note: Mental Health First Aid and the QPR training available on a San Diego County wide schedule soon to posted on website.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\i\b \cf2 Goal 1 Update/Proposal:\'a0 Goal on track and on the PEH web page will be the following to support this goal: 
\i0\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\i\b \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Encouragement of Community Involvement and Non-Isolation
\i0\b0 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\i\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Mental Health Fitness that promotes harmonious personal and professional relationships
\i0\b0 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\i\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Reaching out and promoting intervention for the prevention of suicide
\i0\b0 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\i\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Encouragement of veteran community to attain optimal physical fitness
\i0\b0 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\i\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Coordination with medical personnel to encourage regular medical check ups
\i0\b0 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\i\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Under this goal we will add information on the Virtual Hope Box from Dr. Young/Suicide Prevention
\i0\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\i\b \cf2 Goal 2 Update: 
\b0 Michael Channick and Simon Marquez working on\'a0 veteran priority perceptions via Survey Monkey so as to assure SDVC/PEH\'a0 solutions fit the self identified perceptions of veterans in this area.
\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\i \cf2 Note--This goal will change in two ways: 1. Likely that the VCCS process now underway will provide needed information as it forms over the near short term. 2. Discussion of Health or Wellness Mentors evolved on call of Oct 21 and will be followed on PEH call of Nov 18, 2016.\'a0 There is also some potential\'a0 that partnering could occur with the VAMC San Diego Complimentary Care Committee concepts they are developing.\'a0 Work in Progress. 
\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 Short Term Goal #3: 
\b0 Present 3 goals that can be accomplished within one year of PEH Affinity Group establishment.\'a0 A) Weight Change\'a0 B) Amount of Exercise\'a0 C) Mental Health/PTS Awareness\
Monthly exercise website not fully utilized and we may d/c.\'a0 Team Somers has engaged Team Red, White, and Blue for the Honor Ride Dec 3, 2016.\'a0 Attempting to engage IAVA local Chapter to help identify ways to increase the amount of exercise done by the full SDVC contacts and veteran community.\'a0\'a0 Brainstorm solutions due back by Jan, 2017. \'a0A newly formed veteran group led by Dean Dauphinais (All Star Vets) could be of help as well as current PEH members.\'a0\'a0 Resource Fair led by Team Somers on June 18, 2016 was successful but challenge will be to help more veterans to attend. September is National Suicide Preventions\'a0 Month.\

\b Remember 877-698-7838 - Peer Support Line
\b0 \
Please take a moment to read over the inaugural newsletter for PAVE (Physician Advocates for Veterans). {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://pave4vets.org/pave-summer-newsletter-2016/"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 http://pave4vets.org/pave-summer-newsletter-2016/}}}